Feature/communication alpha ids/package setup (#22614)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/communication/communication-alpha-ids/README.md

const credential = new AzureKeyCredential("<key-from-resource>");
const client = new AlphaIdsClient("<endpoint-from-resource>", credential);
```

### Using an Azure Active Directory Credential

Connection string authentication is used in most of the examples, but you can also authenticate with Azure Active Directory using the [Azure Identity library][azure_identity]. To use the [DefaultAzureCredential][defaultazurecredential] provider shown below, or other credential providers provided with the Azure SDK, please install the [`@azure/identity`][azure_identity] package:

```bash
npm install @azure/identity
```

The [`@azure/identity`][azure_identity] package provides a variety of credential types that your application can use to do this. The [README for `@azure/identity`][azure_identity_readme] provides more details and samples to get you started.

```javascript
const { DefaultAzureCredential } = require ("@azure/identity");
const { AlphaIdsClient } = require("@azure-tools/communication-alpha-ids");

let credential = new DefaultAzureCredential();
const client = new AlphaIdsClient("<endpoint-from-resource>", credential);
```

## Usage

> The following sections provide code snippets that cover some of the common tasks using the Azure Communication Services Phone Numbers client. The scenarios that are covered here consist of:

Reviewer: This seems like a copy-paste issue
```suggestion
The following sections provide code snippets that cover some of the common tasks using the Azure Communication Services Alpha IDs client. The scenarios that are covered here consist of:
```

```bash
npm install @azure/identity
```

The [`@azure/identity`][azure_identity] package provides a variety of credential types that your application can use to do this. The [README for `@azure/identity`][azure_identity_readme] provides more details and samples to get you started.

```typescript
import { DefaultAzureCredential } from "@azure/identity";
import { AlphaIdsClient } from "@azure-tools/communication-alpha-ids";

let credential = new DefaultAzureCredential();
const client = new AlphaIdsClient("<endpoint-from-resource>", credential);
```

## Usage

The following sections provide code snippets that cover some of the common tasks using the Azure Communication Services Phone Numbers client. The scenarios that are covered here consist of:

- [Get the current applied configuration](#get-the-current-applied-configuration)

### Get the current applied configuration
Use the `getConfiguration` method to obtain the current applied configuration for your resource.

```typescript

> import { AlphaIdsClient } from "@azure-tools/communication-alpha-ids";

Reviewer 2: could we convert this snippet to JS code instead? We could use the cjs syntax for importing.

Author: Changed them. Let me know if it looks good for you now
